Explain -s flag on docker ps (#1697)
docker/cli: docs/reference/commandline/ps.md

container that exposes TCP ports `100, 101, 102` displays `100-102/tcp` in
the `PORTS` column.

### Show disk usage by container

The `docker ps -s` command displays two different on-disk-sizes for each container:

```bash
$ docker ps -s
CONTAINER ID   IMAGE          COMMAND                  CREATED        STATUS       PORTS   NAMES        SIZE                                                                                      SIZE
e90b8831a4b8   nginx          "/bin/bash -c 'mkdir "   11 weeks ago   Up 4 hours           my_nginx     35.58 kB (virtual 109.2 MB)
00c6131c5e30   telegraf:1.5   "/entrypoint.sh"         11 weeks ago   Up 11 weeks          my_telegraf  0 B (virtual 209.5 MB)
```
  * The "size" information shows the amount of data (on disk) that is used for the _writable_ layer of each container
  * The "virtual size" is the total amount of disk-space used for the read-only _image_ data used by the container and the writable layer.
  

> For more information, see: https://docs.docker.com/storage/storagedriver/#container-size-on-disk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the [container size on disk](https://docs.docker.com/storage/storagedriver/#container-size-on-disk) section.
```
